kind of shaking her half with excitement
and half a little bit of trepidation
actually our first site they're all
around us I've got there the silver bag
and there's a little baby an infant just
hanging on this branch here nothing
let's move up this way
it feels quite vulnerable to be so close
knowing that if he wanted to charge he'd
be on me in a heartbeat
it may seem insane to be thinking about
putting an animal that's so gentle so
careful and a vegetarian to the deadly
60 until you get a good look at this guy
this is the silverback the dominant male
and I have to say there are very few or
impressive animals in the whole world
he is absolutely massive despite the
fact that he probably is no taller than
I am he would be at least two times my
weight and way more muscular I just walk
across now you see that silver saddle
back as he goes and just the strength to
just brush bushes aside
look at that incredible bulk they are
majestic animals a hundred and sixty
kilos of silverback gorilla just vanish
into the undergrowth this is the
absolute typical habitat you'll find
coroner's in very very thick very very
dense they spend a great deal of time
feeding on just about everything we can
see around us now
so they're actually surprisingly
difficult to spot even though they are
very large animals this is a it's a
good-sized group Christopher how many
animals do you think are in this group
yeah Twitter of individuals 12 in
Toyland Rajasa
4 silver box throughout that three adult
winners two black box one two three and
two infants Christ we try and keep a
respectful distance so we don't disturb
the gorillas as they be
AJ time but suddenly a cheeky confident
young male Moo's menacingly towards us
this is the black back he's the young
male and they candy or away in the
silver back because they have more to
prove you see how easily he just pulled
that tree down to cover himself people
that actually work with gorillas a lot
reckon they're probably ten times
stronger than people I've seen them bend
iron bars he's looking at me at the
moment sussing me out but he knows he's
far bigger and stronger than me and I
posed no threat to the group the guides
make me stand my ground as he comes in
for a closer look
right well that is a black back gorilla
letting us know who's boss